java c
MKTG 203 (13/06/2023 09:00) Strategic Marketing (Exam) 
MKTG203 – Strategic Marketing 
SEMESTER ONE, 2023 
1 Binge drinking (drinking heavily over a short period of time) is linked to negative health effects , and governments worldwide, including New Zealand, are actively working to address this issue. One common strategy is reducing alcohol consumption, and this has led to the creation of alternative products such as non-alcoholic beer with less than 0.5% alcohol. Non-alcoholic beer tends to imitate the taste, packaging, and overall appearance of traditional alcoholic products . Hence, despite having significantly less alcohol, consumers still make strong associations between non- alcoholic beer and traditional alcoholic beer. As a result of these associations , some supermarkets place non-alcoholic beer with alcoholic products rather than with soft drinks (e.g., Coca Cola) and   enforce an age restriction of 18+ on the purchase of non-alcoholic beer products .
Impossibrew, a successful retail store in Auckland, has established itself as a leading brand in the  non-alcoholic beer market. Their commitment to selling premium non-alcoholic beer with less than 0.5% alcohol has earned them recognition and awards both nationally and internationally. Over the years , Impossibrew has recognised the consistent popularity of ice-cream shops in New Zealand  regardless of the weather. Impossibrew conducted research and discovered that ice-cream holds  immense appeal for people of all ages in New Zealand, from young children to adults . New Zealand is known for its exceptional ice-cream products and has a higher consumption rate than Australia and the United States . Leveraging this opportunity, Impossibrew has decided to open their own ice-cream store in Auckland, producing their own premium and unique flavours . 
Based on your understanding of the ‘product’ element of the marketing mix, explain and evaluate Impossibrew’s product mix consistency which 代 写MKTG203 – Strategic Marketing SEMESTER ONE, 2023Python
代做程序编程语言will now include non-alcoholic beer and ice-cream products. Additionally, advise Impossibrew on the branding strategy they should use for their new ice-cream store, as well as two elements from the promotional mix that should be employed to promote the ice-cream store. Justify your choices. 
2 Café Chatz is a popular business that recently opened in Auckland. It stands out from other cafes because it offers a unique combination of being open 24 hours a day and having a dedicated karaoke section. The aim of the café is to provide a welcoming and inviting space for customers to enjoy quality beverages , food, and entertainment. The café can seat up to 50 people and the karaoke section has eight karaoke rooms . Each day, the café operates with three eight-hour shifts , where six different staff members rotate to run each shift. Within these shifts , four staff members are assigned to work in the café area, while two staff are assigned to work in the karaoke section. Two experienced baristas work in Café Chatz and so far, only one of them has   been trained in using Café Chatz high quality coffee. Similar to the unique concept of their café ,  their coffee flavours are also unique compared to other cafes . Some of the unique coffee flavours include Blueberry Mocha, Buttermilk Strawberry Latte, and Banana Matcha Latte. Due to the popularity their coffee has gained, the owners have decided to sell a range of coffee, under the Café Chatz brand through supermarket chains in New Zealand. 
Explain the four unique characteristics of services and the corresponding challenge that each characteristic may present for the owner of Café Chatz . Furthermore, provide a solution to address each challenge effectively. Additionally, explain why price is a powerful positioning tool for Café Chatz and recommend a pricing approach and pricing method for their Café Chatz coffee to be sold in supermarkets. Justify your choices.



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
